okay so this is look to learn and Lee is
going to help us show how we use this
app okay Leo what do you want to talk
about well do you want it you could ask
for some snacks he asks for a toy head
like that those are meals go ahead touch
meals okay now look at these things we
haven't here to eat there's a hot dog
okay so now you can use it to tell us I
want cereal
so can you press the buttons to tell us
yes both buttons cereal what did it say
oh it sure did okay let's ask for
something else how about a toy can you
find the toys nice job how about let's
tell everyone how you feel today how are
you feeling happy okay great which
picture shows happy do you think okay
now if you want to tell us to be feel
happy touch the picture
okay how about cheese's
it's next again okay go ahead hit the
buttons nice job so that gives you a
quick picture as to how I can use this
app to ask for things okay Leah can you
target one bye-bye thanks for your help
see